release workflow (#20)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java-lambda: RELEASING.md

## Releasing a new version

[This GitHub Action](.github/workflows/release.yaml) builds, and releases a new version of the wrapper to both Maven Central and Github whenever a new tag is pushed to the repository.

Full release procedure is as follows:

* Checkout the latest version of the `main` branch.
* Update wrapper POM version to release (remove -SNAPSHOT)
* Set wrapper dependency for examples to release (`examples/build.gradle`)
* Commit / push / merge PR

> * Tag that version (eg `v0.0.5` - min `v` prefix!) with the [annotated tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) and `git push origin <tagname>` 

Reviewer: I don't understand "eg `v0.0.5` - min `v` prefix!". Release tag is literally `v0.0.5`, including `v`

Author: Typo - should be "mind" (without v the workflow won't run).

## Releasing a new version

[This GitHub Action](.github/workflows/release.yaml) builds, and releases to both OSS Maven2 repo and Github a new version of
the wrapper
whenever a new tag is pushed to the repository.

Full release procedure is as follows:

* Checkout the latest version of the `main` branch.
* Update wrapper POM version to release (remove -SNAPSHOT)
* Set wrapper dependency for examples to release (`examples/build.gradle`)
* Commit / push / merge PR
* Tag that version (eg `0.0.5`) with the [annotated tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) and `git push origin <tagname>` - runs the release workflow

> * Update wrapper POM version to next `-SNAPSHOT` 

Author: Yeah, I'll take a look, thanks!

## Releasing a new version

> [This GitHub Action](.github/workflows/release.yaml) builds, and releases to both OSS Maven2 repo and Github a new version of
> the wrapper
> whenever a new tag is pushed to the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[This GitHub Action](.github/workflows/release.yaml) builds, and releases a new version of the wrapper to both Maven Central and Github whenever a new tag is pushed to the repository.
```

Full release procedure is as follows:

* Checkout the latest version of the `main` branch.
* Update wrapper POM version to release (remove -SNAPSHOT)
* Set wrapper dependency for examples to release (`examples/build.gradle`)
* Commit / push / merge PR

> * Tag that version (eg `v0.0.5` - min `v` prefix!) with the [annotated tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging) and `git push origin <tagname>` 

Reviewer 2: won't this generally be pushing to `upstream` not origin? If people are using standard remote naming?

Author: Interesting question. As this is not very well documented I had to test with my private github account. Basically for non-members github won't allow tag push to origin, while members can clone (and push to origin which is the original repo). So IMO we can leave "origin" here.

Reviewer: I think what John means here is that if a maintainer follows the standard remote naming, then they will push to `upstream`.

Author: Yeah, but maintainer can clone (so no need for upstream, it's origin). Or do we want to keep to "fork" workflow even in such cases? I have the repo cloned on my machine.

Reviewer 2: Whatever we go with, we should clarify what origin is referring to here.

Reviewer 2: Just as my 2 cents: as a maintainer, I have my own fork, and if I need to work with the upstream, I just reference upstream, so I don't have to have two separate repositories cloned locally.

* tag will run the release workflow that needs to be *approved* by a maintainer 
* Update wrapper POM version to next `-SNAPSHOT` 
* Set wrapper dependency for examples to next snahpshot (`examples/build.gradle`)
* Update main `README.MD` and `outbound-context-propagation.md` files with new version number (sans -SNAPSHOT)
* Commit / push / merge PR

> After the release is completed successfully, following should happen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the release is completed successfully, the following should happen:
```
